I’m the psychiatrist here in this department.
I came to see you because my GP sent me to see you didn’t he?
Yeah, yeah.
He said come and see a trick cyclist cos then you’ll be alright.
Come and see a...?
A trick cyclist...a psychiatrist?
Yeah.
He’s not had time to listen to me you see.... Ok. ....cause he’s a GP, he’s a doctor
but I don’t think he’s very clever. He’s not very clever because he’s not, ok
getting to this you see, he won’t let me talk about this. He sort of listens to it sometimes
but then sometimes he doesn’t.
Right. Can I just clarify why you are here and why I’m here, I’m the psychiatrist...
Well I’ve come to see you....in the emergency clinic today.
Ok....and your GP has asked me to see you?
So that’s why I’m here. 
Is that right? - Yeah cos I got to tell you about this, there’s important stuff in there. Really important stuff...
Ok, well before we start with that I come to see you.
Can I just ask you what would you like me to call you? What name?
Yeah.
Name, name is a game, I don’t bother with names, that’s just too good...Right
ok....call me Audry.
Ok, I am the psychiatrist over here.... 
Ok. - Now what is...Audry....can I ask you how old are you Audry?
How old, oh don’t, you’re only as old as the woman you feel aren’t you? I feel quite young and better than most women in their twenties.
Right ok, so how old would that make you Audry?
My ID would say I am 35
but I feel 23 and free. Free food...food for the soul, a nice bit of sole, yeah, aye
Right. A bit of ﬁsh, ah fantast
I’m not half hungry. - Right. You have any food? Any food here? You have any food, I’m starving, nah?
They won’t be able to get you any food, lets.... Ok, now let’s get back to this, this is important.
Yes that’s a good idea, yep ok. This is why I’m here to talk to you about this...- Right. Ok, to tell you what’s going on.
Ok tell me a bit about this then.
Well this is, this is the work I’ve been doing.... and it’s really important and it’s my cure for world hunger. That’s what it is you know
it’s all written down here.... well it’s not written down it’s here, it’s at home, in my books at home.
Right
What I get from the papers I get is, I get sort of clues...right, as to what I’m supposed to do and how I’m supposed to get the other clues to hone it down... and come up with a ﬁnal thing.
And how long has all of this been going on would you say?
It’s been for ages now.
How long would you say?
Absolutely ages now. Well I’ve been up all week.
About a week?
Well this week I’ve been working really hard at it. Because before... - It’s been going on longer than a week... - Right.
but I’ve been working really hard on it for this week... because you normally have another... ...it’s the numbers you see
Right. It’s the numbers you have to ﬁnd out.
Am I right in thinking you normally do a different job?
Yeah I have a small business with my sister selling pottery - I am a potter.
You’re a potter and own a business with your sister?
Yeah. Not full time. Just part time. Ok
Audry the odd is what they call me.
Audry the odd? Yeah.
Who calls you that?
My sister Livie. I showed her this and she told me to go get help and that I was bonkers...
She said you were bonkers? -
In fact she didn’t say go away 
she told me to get the fuck away from her.
My goodness. She did, she said "Get the fuck away, you’re bonkers." Did she?
Anyway...Ok. ...so she did that and er, so I said yeah, I didn’t think she was clever enough 
really you know not.. and well I went to see the doctor about it. Ok. - Cos I thought I’d show her cos she’s a doctor
you know she’s been to University, she’s done stuff... - Yeah
nah thick as shit. She didn’t, she said she didn’t have time... I thought how can you not have time to hear about the cure for world hunger
all those starving children...- you know what I mean.
Right. Yeah.
So that’s why she sent me here to see you to tell you all about it.
Right. Ok, tell me about it, tell me what’s going on.
Ok, right well it’s, I’ve got my various bits and pieces here I ﬁnd in the papers like you know the football results... - Right.
they need adding together.... - Ok. ...and then I have to ﬁnd some other information on this page. There are some pages and page numbers there
Right. - ...add those together and take it away from what’s on there. - Right. So, I do that and you ﬁnd you ﬁnd other things.
And then what does that number do then?
That number corresponds to numbers I’ve got on my, on my chart at home. I’ve got a big chart on my wall
Right. - ...and I ﬁnd that number - Ok. ...and that adds up to something else
Huh. It’s, it’s, all there, I mean that’s, that’s, that’s really good, I’m gonna get one of those.
What’s that?
That’s really good, that’s, that’s a phone, it does the internet... Right....and
everything... ..so I’ll be able to ﬁnd out more stuff. You know, that way, 
when I’m out and about, and... So there’s numbers you see, I’ll use those numbers there...Right. - ...you know they’ll need adding up... Ok. - ...and taking away from someone something else.
And when you’ve done all this with all the numbers...
Yeah. And the chart. Yeah.
Where will that leave you? What is it you’re headed for?
Well, it’s the cure for world hunger in it, that’s what it is.
The cure for world hunger?
The cure for world hunger, yeah.
Ok, so how’s that going to work then?
Well, how it works is God tells me, you know that, I’m doing a really good job... Right....and how great I am and how fantastic it is I’m working at this you know
Ok....and I just keep going at it...Ok
you know I don’t stop, I don’t stop at all.
Ok, can I just take you back a step....
Yeah sure.
Because you said God tells you...
God tells me, go on.
Can you tell me a bit more about that?
Well he, he tells me, he just talks to me, yeah.
He talks to you?
Yes, he talks to me.
Ok, alright.
And tells me - Right. I’m doing a really good job. Ok. and I’m fantastic
So God talks
And I’m really wonderful... Uhuh....and I’m great, you know I’m do- ing...Ok, and when God talks
and I have to show this to people... - Right. And that’s why I’ve come here to show you.
And when God talks to you? Can I just clarify this with you?
What?
Does he talk to you like I’m talking to you, with the voice coming through your ears or does it feel more like voice doesn’t come through your ears it comes out of your mouth, voice comes out of your mouth and goes in your ears. Is that right?
Yeah I get....you should know that cos you know you’re a doctor as well aren’t you?
Yeah.
So you should know these things.
Yeah. And is that how the voice seems to you?
I hear him in my ears...
You hear him in your ears?
Because that’s what I’m used to hearing.... and he talks to me with his mouth cos he’s, he’s.
So the voice that seems to come through your ears rather than from inside your head?
It’s quite loud cause he’s a big guy
He’s a big.
Is he a big guy?
He’s a big guy yeah, yeah and he’s got a big beard.
What’s he like then?
Well he’s a big guy with a big beard, yeah.
I called him Beardy once. He didn’t like that he got a right hump... - Christ he, I called him Beardy
Beardy. - Yeah I can imagine. Yeah cos I just... - And what kind of so 
I, I, I just call him Sir.
You call him Sir?
He likes to be called Sir, yeah.
Ok, and what kind of things, when he’s talking to you, what kind of things does he say to you?
He tells me I’m fantastic... - You know, how great I am for doing this... - Uhuh....and getting stuck into this and keeping at it and that I should show it to people
and that’s what, that’s what I do, I come out and I show it to people. There’s some stuff...
So who have you been showing it to?
Well, ok, who have I been showing? I’ve er.., I’ve sent copies of stuff to the Pope...Right. ...and the Archbishop of Canterbury
and none of them have written back, you’d think they would, you know.
So no replies yet? ...cos they’re close to God, they probably know him. 
They probably met him and stuff.
Yeah. Well I mean the Pope; he claims to have met him
Right. I mean you don’t know. Yeah.
I would assume the Pope knows God. Right. he knows, he’s got his address, his telephone number, everything like that.
But then you know, er, see the Archbishop of Canterbury, I think he’s just rude, cos he’s not written back at all.
Right, it sounds as though this has all been keeping you really busy.
Have you been sleeping at all?
No I haven’t had time to sleep nah.
No time to sleep?
Nah, nah, nah
When was the last time you had a good night’s sleep would you say?
Don’t need it.
You don’t need it?
Don’t need it! 
I got all this enthusiasm from God. Right. You know. so what’s your. it’s there
it’s the energy inside me, it’s there to make me do work.
So you feel as if you’ve got a lot of energy?
Yeah, tons of it, tons of it.
And how are your thoughts, are they going fast? Are they, are you thinking lots? Lots of ideas?
Well yeah you have to think very intensely, you look at stuff down here
there’s, there’s, I got that in the door the other day, you know. Ok. there’s lots of numbers out there that need adding up and taking away.
And how are you feeling about yourself? Your self-esteem, how do you feel about yourself as a person at the moment?
I feel fantastic, you know cos God’s telling me... Right. I am yeah. Ok.
and that I’m doing a really really good job. Yeah. and it’s all there and it’s all happening.
And tell me this, because I couldn’t get it from your GP’s letter, have you ever had anything like this before in your life? Where you have felt full of energy and lots of bright ideas?
No, nah. It’s not happened before. Nah, but this has been going on for so long that I can’t really remember anything else you know.
And have there ever been any times in your life where you’ve kind of been the opposite? Where you’ve been a bit down in the dumps, not much energy?
Sometimes. well I have been low sometimes when I was younger. a long time ago
I don’t remember. that was long ago. Once I felt very sad and low, but not now. No, not now. Doctor put me on Prozac.
Didn’t do anything though. let’s get back to this.
Do you remember when you were on Prozac and what dose?
No. long time ago.
Ok, and what about any family history, does anyone in your family have things like this?
No, no it’s just me, it’s really, well they’re not really that clever you know.
Who’s not that clever?
My family.
Your family?
You know, that’s why I have to come see doctors, places, hospitals and things like that because they have clever people, you’re a clever person.
Right. So do you feel as if you’re more clever than perhaps other people?
Well, well yeah. You know I’m certainly more clever than those people at work. Ok. you know cos they’re a bit thick.
I guess I’m wondering what might have happened to start all this off for you
have you any thoughts yourself what’s brought this on?
Well, well God. Yeah. God, yeah, yeah. 
Ok. And he just came to me one day. Right. one day he just came to me you know... 
Ok. and I started noticing connections with numbers and things. I wonder... It’s
it’s, it’s all there you’ve just got to ﬁnd it.
Ok, I wonder You’ve got to dig deep and look for it you know what I mean.
Yeah, yeah. Right.
Ok. How have you been feeling physically in your physical health? Any problems there?
Physically, ﬁne, I’m, I’m ﬁne yeah, absolutely.
And have you been taking any prescribed medication besides the Prozac in the past?
No, no, no, nothing like that. Just like I told you. it was a long time ago. I just need everything that’s within me now. I don’t need anything else.
And you know how you were saying that your sister
Yeah. said that you were.
Who Audry?
Yeah. Yeah she said rude things. She said rude things and I don’t like repeating it she kind of suggested you might be
I told you what she said didn’t I she used the "F" word and I don’t like that. No, no. No.
It sounded like she thought you weren’t very well at the moment.
No I’m ﬁne. Now look can we look at this now, because this is what I want to talk about? It’s just that I’ve come here to talk about this and you seem to be going off on one for some reason. Yeah. and you’re not really paying attention to me.
Do you want to do that now?
Can we talk a bit more about this now?
Well I guess before we get back into that I guess what.
Well no, I don’t want to get back in, I want to talk about it now, can we talk about it now please?
I guess what I’m wondering is whether this might be a sign that you’re not very well at the moment?
No I’m ﬁne, I want to talk about this
you seem to want to change the subject. Yeah.
So I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I’ve had enough of you and I’ve had enough of being here. I want to talk to somebody else. I want to talk to the boss.
I want to talk to your boss. Right Where’s your boss?
Audry, I am the boss, I’m a consultant you see.
Well you’re a shit boss and I want to talk to somebody else, there must be somebody else I can talk to?
There isn’t Audry.
I want to talk to the head person, I’m fed up with talking to the old nag rag, I want to talk to the engineer, the driver of this unit
no more monkeys. I want to talk to the top person, top boss, top dog, that’s who I want to talk to.
