Please have a seat Meg. Thank you for coming in today. Your nutritionist referred you. 
It seems that she and your mom have some concerns. Can you sit down and we will take your blood pressure and do some vitals?
I guess. I do need to get back to my dorm to study. I have a track meet coming up also that I am training for. I am runner.
How many credits are you taking and how are classes going?
21 credits. I am at the top of my class. Could we get this done. I need to get back.
How often and far do you run for training now? You are 20, correct?
Yes. I run nine miles every day.
Your BP is 100/50. Your pulse is 52. Meg how much have you been eating?
I have been eating ﬁne. I talked to the nutritionist about this earlier.
Let’s have you stand up and face me and I will back you onto the scale.
Eyes on me please. Thank you, and now for a height.
Ok looks like 5’5". Go ahead and have a seat.
How much? Can I please see what the scale says? I’m fat.
Please sit up and I will listen to your heart and lungs.
Fine.
You know that is not a positive part of your treatment. We have discussed this before. You are here today because your nutritionist and your mom are both very concerned about you.
You are very ill, Meg.
I am ﬁne. I am eating.
I tell my mom what I eat. Just because I am not fat like she is.
How have you felt? Are you feeling sad or depressed?
Last time we talked, you were quite unhappy. Are you feeling suicidal?
I am busy and not concerned about happiness.
I need to train and I am tired of everyone nagging me about what I eat and how much I exercise. I am the smartest in my class and one of the best runners on the team. I don’t have time for all of this.
I am only here to keep my mom off my back.
When you were here last, you agreed to keep working with your nutritionist and being open with your mom and me.
We need to work together to help you get well. There are irregular rhythms in your heart. And I noticed the downy hair on your back and arms.
I will work with all of you. I know. I don’t want to be like this. I need to run though. It helps me.
When you were in treatment, we were working toward some goals with your cognitive behavioral therapy. We need to revisit these goals. First thought, we need to bring your mom in and have a discussion about the next step to help you get well.
I would like to do more tests to check your electrolytes and your blood count.
Ok. I do want to be better.
I want you to feel better and be healthy. Let’s have your mom come in, ok?
Yeah.