Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and I’m seeing you today because you were referred up from the emergency room. I understand that you were brought in by ambulance last night after cutting your arms and overdosing on Tylenol. It looks like you are bandaged up. Are you still feeling suicidal today?
I never was. I need to get out of here. I need to see Carl.
Is Carl your boyfriend?
Yeah.
How long have you been together?
Couple of months. We’ve been living together for the last four and a half weeks. Why do you care. Nobody cares. Oh God! I can’t believe he is gone.
I hate him. I need him to come back because I love him. Jack the jerk was before him. Bill left me too. They all leave. Everybody leaves me. I hate them. Carl was different he said he loved me, but well if he loved me he would be here now.
Carl made the 911 call for the ambulance. According to your ﬁle, you attempted suicide before. This was your ﬁfth attempt.
I’ve been in to have my arms stitched up and stomach pumped a few times. Nobody cares. I wish someone would help me! Maybe you’re the one.
I am here to help you. Can you tell me about your past medical history, your family history?
I have four kids. Oh my God! Where’s my baby? Where is she?
Your baby was removed and taken to foster care after the ambulance responded to your home last night. Can you tell me about the other three children?
They took them from me. Nobody cares.
Who the hell do they think they are? I hate you all! My kids need me. I wish Carl would come and get me from this place.
Oh, screw him.
What about your family? Can they help with the kids?
Mom died when I was four and dad is a drunk no good SOB. What do they care?
They hate me and would never help me. They’ve never helped me.
Your chart states that you have been on Depakote, Geodon and Abilify. Can you tell me about these medications?
Did they seem to help at all?
Well if you read the ﬁle you will see that they sucked and didn’t work.
I thought you were going to help me?
What about therapy? Did you ﬁnd Dialectical Behavior Therapy to be beneﬁcial with your therapist?
No. I can’t get to the appointments all the time. I told him that it was tough for me to get there all the time and he was no help. Asshole. I hate him.
He was going to help me too. I need to get back to my room. I love to watch my TV you know. I have my favorites that I never like to miss.
You ﬁnd some joy in your life then with the favorite TV programs?
Never said I didn’t. I enjoy things, of course! I’m not crazy.
Did you have any drugs or alcohol in your system last night before the overdose?
You’re the one with my chart. No. I don’t drink like my dad. I might binge eat and spend, but I don’t drink or do drugs.
Has the eating and spending binges caused problems with work or your relationships with Carl or your children?
Sometimes. I wish you could help me. Get my kids, my poor baby girl. Could you call Carl for me and see if he could come up here?
Carl gets pissed about me spending too much. He was mad last night. It’s not my fault. I bought stuff for the house and him too. I don’t have a job right now, got ﬁred from my last one. They hated me.
I am here to help you get therapy and medication and then we will work on getting in touch with your family.
I don’t have good results with the meds and the therapist is a jerk. Maybe you could be my new therapist. You could be the one to help me.
I will work in conjunction with your therapist and physicians to help get your treatment started. Can you spell the word front backwards for me?
T N O R F E L O H S S A. How’s this going to help?
This is the formal status exam that you have had before. Now I am going to say three words and ask you to repeat them back to me in a few minutes, ok?
Ok.
The words are horse, basketball and car.
Do you often feel suicidal and can you recall what exactly triggered the attempt last night?
I’m not suicidal. Sometimes I cut myself to feel the pain and release it. In the past I cut too deep, but got stitched up.
Would you be willing to see the therapist again and try the Dialectical Behavioral Therapy and a new medication? This is the help I can offer you today.
I knew you would help me. I will do therapy and a different medication.
Thank you. Now can you remember those three words?
Horse, basketball and car.
Good, thank you. Now let’s move over to the lab and check your blood work and run some tests before we begin your new medication.
Lead the way?
Sure. Let’s go Doc. Then maybe Carl will come and watch TV with me and take me home.